Or is Wang Zongqun thoughtful?
Otherwise, those anti-thieves really succeeded
It is. It is.
It's called being brave and resourceful
It's the best
He's not worth mentioning at all in front of you
You two hairy thieves are ridiculous
Instead of thinking about how to get revenge on me, it's unrealistic
It's better to think about how to get down
How to deal with your relatives
It's over. It's over.
The current situation
Even if he has the Heaven Dou Divine Sword, he will never return to heaven
Linze, I'm sorry.
I implicated you
Damn it, I haven't married my son of heaven yet
I don't want to die here
Don't worry, I'll never let anything happen to you.
Wang Chongyang
How can you still be so naive when you are already old?
Stop pretending to be garlic for me there
I know very well that your main force is guarding Lake City
From each branch
Scattered around the trees
You don't have many Heavenly Combat Soldiers on your hands anymore
I guess you're right.
Heaven Dou Zhengjun is indeed not advancing
Even if it's too late to fish now
Even if you have the Heaven Dou God Realm in your hands
At most, you can only fish for shallow heaven dou's life
No one is on hand now
What to fight against me
Don't waste your time with them.
Wang Zongjun quickly went down to take them down
Lobster Yuan Mouse is only for the best
A cloud-piercing arrow
Thousands of troops come to meet